This is an ultra-fast memory card for professional DSLR or HD video cameras. The card is rated as SDXC, UHS-1, speed class 10. SDXC is a memory storage formatting and accessing standard. It allows for fast read/write access with high-capacity cards, but it requires that the device doing the reading/writing (camera or computer) be SDXC compatible. If the device is not SDXC compatible, it may not be able to read the card, or it may ask to format the card. If you see the message “Format this card?” don't do it, since formatting by a non-SDXC device will downgrade the storage system to SDHC, which will be slower. UHS-1 stands for Ultra High Speed, and refers to the bus, or data transfer speed, which is rated at 80 Mb/s for this card. The speed class of this card is 10. All together, these ratings means that this card is a great choice for high-speed recording, necessary for DSLR cameras that take photos of over 20 megapixels, or for video recording.

I have been quite pleased with this card. My favorite camera is a Nikon 7100, which is unbearably sluggish unless it has a class 10 card like this one. With this card, I can shoot and shoot, without having to wait for the camera to write to the card. The card's 64 Gb capacity means I can shoot all day, and still have space left over—there is room for over 2,000 images in RAW format, or hours of HD video. The 64 Gb capacity also makes this card a great option for making and storing backups of all your computer files—just stick the card into the SD slot on your computer and copy your files to it. Then you can carry all those files in your wallet as a personal, just-in-case backup. That's a lot handier than burning DVD backups!

In general, I have found SanDisk cards to be extremely reliable. I have used the same cards day in and day out for years, and only one card has ever failed after thousands of uses. I have even accidentally dropped a SanDisk card into a bucket of salt water, and it still worked fine after it dried out. I haven't had such luck with other brands of cards—some have failed after only a few read/write cycles. I expect this card will give me the same years of service.

If you're considering this card, just keep in mind that the SDXC storage technology is somewhat new and not backwards compatible. So, to take full advantage of the speed offered by this card, verify that your devices are SDXC compatible first by checking with the manufacturer of your device.