I have 2 eight week old shepherd puppies that I had been feeding puppy chow since 5 weeks old. They had started going through it like candy and seemed not to be getting the nutrients they needed. After researching and researching all the different brands out there, I was going to try the Blue Buffalo brand for puppies until I found The Taste Of The Wild. According to everything I read and ALL the youtube videos I watched, I seen it was even better than the Blue Buffalo ingredient wise, plus it was cheaper in price to my surprise. I decided to give it a try. I am glad I did. I know they advise not to just completely change the puppies diet completely at once but I wanted to see how they would react to one bowl. They were like little vacuum cleaners and seemed to not be able to eat it fast enough. THEY LOVED IT! They were standing in the bowl trying to eat it as fast as they could. Now with that being said, at their next feeding time, I gave them back the puppy chow brand. They sniffed it and refused to eat it. It sat there for 2 hours or so until they were finally hungry enough to eat I guess. On the next feeding, I mixed it half and half. This time they did like little kids do picking marshmallows out of their cereal, they picked out The Taste Of The Wild from the puppy chow. All that was left was a half bowl of Puppy Chow. Haha. So now I had to completely switch to the Taste Of The Wild because they refuse to eat the puppy chow. Doing this harsh quick switch did mess their tummies up for the first couple of days, it made their stool soft and runny, but now it is back to normal. Even though they have always been playful, they seem to have twice the energy now after only one week, and the feeding has essentially been cut in half. Like other people have said about it, it doesn't require as much, is absolutely true. They seem to be getting all the nutrients they need on half the amount previously fed with the puppy chow. They do not act like they are starving anymore at feeding time. They will not be one piece left after feeding either, they clean every piece that hits the floor. So my final thought is that Taste Of The Wild is an EXCELLENT product and I will definitely be buying it again in the future. I am also on a budget and took into consideration the cost factor and concluded this, even though it cost more up front than your cheaper brands, it actually comes out to be less per pound because of the feeding dosage. It will only require half as much of TOTW as something like puppy chow so buying 30 pounds of TOTW is like buying 60 pounds of puppy chow. Overall I give it 2 thumbs up and 5 stars. Give it a try and you won't be disappointed!