My Gulfstream V had just touched down and as we taxied toward the hangar I was reflecting about the weekend that had just transpired. Sailing on Ellison's latest racing yacht should have been exhilarating but I just wasn't feeling it. I thought back to the lunch at the yacht club afterwards and the Beluga caviar, Wagyu steaks, and Italian White Alba Truffles we imbibed along with the Cros Parantoux wine and I could not stop dwelling on how miserable I was.

My Lamborghini Veneno was supposed to be delivered later today and I could care less. Another sports car to park in the garage with the 12 others I have in there. After almost $60,000 in therapy over the last several years it would seem that I should be in a better place than this. However, I was not. I was totally and utterly miserable.

I could have few escorts sent over once I got home but being around high class call girls just made things worse. The one time I had over that girl Spitzer got nailed with, it drove me crazy. She was so perky and bubbly but it was not contagious. No, more over-priced tail was not the answer. I decided I will just go grind on the hedge fund some more. I banked a little over 96 million this year and had triple that invested and it was the one thing that gave me a tiny bit of pleasure.

On the way home, the limo driver insisted on stopping at a McDonald's on the way. Something about some bad Taco Bell earlier. I was not in a hurry to get home anyway so I said "sure, knock yourself out".

That is when I saw him.

Walking out the door was the happiest guy I ever seen in my life. He had a huge smile on his face and an entourage of followers offering him free fries and McFlurries. I lowered the window a bit more and motioned him over. "I don't do dudes" he said. I commented that I did not either. He walked over and and I asked him the secret to his happiness.

"Amazon" he replied. Amazon, I thought? I had a decent position in Amazon and the stock has not been bad but it did not have that effect on me. "You're in the market too" I asked. "No" he replied. "I got this shirt from Amazon.com" and it changed my life. "You see" he said, "It has 3 Wolves and a Moon". "Not 2, Not 1 Wolf, but 3 Wolves AND a Moon". He went on to say that he too was once a miserable pathetic person but after getting his shirt his life became nothing but bliss.

As we drove away I thought about it and decided I had nothing to lose. I had the butler order me a 3 Wolf and 1 Moon shirt that afternoon. It arrived the next day and I immediately tried it on.

HOLY COW !!! LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL MAN !!! I'm NEVER TAKING THIS THING OFF !!! I COULDN'T BE HAPPIER NOW !!!

Thank you guy walking out of McDonald's and Thank you 3 Wolf and 1 Moon shirt. The best investment I ever made.